
## Function arguments 
There are two differet types of function arguments, positional arguments and keyword arguments. __Positional__ arguments are required, while __keyword__ arguments are not required since you provide a default value for them. 
## Tuples 
Where tuples really become useful is for abstracting away the arguments of the function from the function itself.
```python 
def foo(x,y,z):
    return x,y,z
# typically you call this function like foo(1,2,3)
# But you can do this: 
a = 1,2,3 # this is a tuple 
foo(*a) 
# this asterisc notation is the destructuring for a so the tuple is unpacked to the arguments x,y,z 
# you essentially unpack the tuple into the "slots" of the postional arguments
```
Now there is something similar for keyword argumens 
```python 
def foo(x=10, y=20): 
    return x,y 
d = {'x':10, 'y': 30}
# now you can call the function with two asteriscs instead of one 
foo(**d) # this will unpack the dictionary into the named keyword arguments of the function signature  
```
# Generators 
In python 2, whenever you used __range__ that automatically created a list for you. This was bad in terms of memeory. This sort of led to the creation of __generators__. A __generator__ is a way of creating a function that doesn't have a response.  
The thing that makes a function a generator is the __yield__ keyword. These gernerator functions return generators objects. So you typically assign them to a variable. Then you can use the keyword __next__ to get the intermediate pieces of the generator code. __Generators__ are important because they separate the idea of creating a sequence of things from the idea of allocating memory to it.  
Now you can actually send things to generators. When you start using generators this way, they are called __coroutines__. You can thing of these as print spoolers. If you send your print job to the printer, the print spooler is going to sit there and queue up your job, and then its going to respond. Its transactional.  
```python 
def foo():
    while True:
        line = (yield)
        print(line)
    
x = foo()
next(x) # get it going 
x.send('I sent this to you')
# this will print out what you sent 
```


# Decorators 
__Decorators__ are functions that make functions out of functions. A __decorator__ is a function defined in the context of the enclosing function. __Decorators are useful for giving your functions new capabilites that they didn't have before.__
```python 
# you can use @ symbol so you don't have to define a new variable for your decorator 
@log_arguments # this would be you decorator and all you need to do now is define the funtion you'd like to decorate below it. 
```  
## Threads  
Whenever you make a python process, memory and other stuff is allocated to that one process  
__Threads__ are different. They are sort of like processes, except for the fact that threads of executions (provided by the OS) all share resources. These threads can actually transmit messages like memory between each other.  
This is not how it works with python! In python you have what is called GIL(Global Interpreter Lock) which makes sure that only one thread runs at a time so that bytecode information is not falsly exchanged.  
__To get around this__, you can use threads in python. Essentially you dump some function into some other thread other than your main thread of execution, so that that function executes seperately in another thread and doesn't halt your main thread.  
## functools.partial 
What partial will do is close on part of the arguments.
```python 
import functools 
def foo(x,y):
    return x+y 
functools.partial(foo, y=10)
# then you can do something like 
functools.partial(foo,y=10)(10)
# this gives 20. y is cllosed with 10 in the function so its as if y doesn't exist anymore since it is just 10
```
## Some summary on Decorators 
You can use decoradors to decorate your functions in whatever fashion you'd like. The cool thing about this is that your code downstream doesn't have to know that you decoraded some function in some sort of way.

# Enumeration 
__Enumeration__ is when you map words into values. 

# Asyncio 
__Async__ is essentially a way of setting up coroutines. Traditnal way of programs is that you have a main program and then some sub programs. The maid program is in charge of sequentially calling these sub-programs. With __coroutines__ you don't really have that heirarchy, everything is sort on the pier level.
With __coroutines__ programs call other programs without relying on some main program. __Coroutines__ do rely on something, and that something is called an event loop. 
__Asynchronous__ programs is a way for you to hand over control to the event loop based on how you program the handoff. On a side note, there is multiple threads, from these threads, your OS can choose which one to run. Now with asyncio, there is only a single thread of execution, but every task is going to get a different slice from this thread. The points in which they can switch is programmed by you. This is essentially what the __await__ keyword does, when you have these __awaits__ in your code, your basically telling the __event loop__ that it is ok to switch between these different tasks.  
Usually, you tend to use __awaits__ when you're going to waiting for data to come, but as you are waiting, you might as well be doing something else. Remember, anything that you __await__  has to be an __async__. 